Version Packages (#693)
webdriverio/visual-testing: packages/visual-service/CHANGELOG.md

# @wdio/visual-service

## 6.3.0

### Minor Changes

> - 2d033e8: Add LT support including fixing #691 (ingore blinking cursor) and #692 (support appium:options)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 2d033e8: Add LambdaTest support
  - #691 Add option to ignore blinking cursors / carets by providing the option `disableBlinkingCursor`
  - #692 Add support for `appium:options`
```
